c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.dll
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.pdb
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\InfraStructure.dll
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.MefExtensions.dll
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\InfraStructure.pdb
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.MefExtensions.pdb
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.MefExtensions.xml
c:\users\raman\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\TalentManager\bin\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.dll
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\TalentManager\bin\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.pdb
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.g.resources
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.dll
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\ApplicationStartUpService.pdb
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\login.baml
C:\Users\Raman\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TalentManager\ApplicationStartUpService\obj\Debug\login.g.cs
